update changelog entry for in-memory rechunking (#10630)
dask/dask: docs/source/changelog.rst

Users should see significant performance improvements when using in-memory P2P array rechunking.
This is due to no longer copying underlying data buffers.

> Below shows a simple where we compare the different rechunk methods, tasks, p2p
> and p2p without disk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below shows a simple example where we compare performance of different rechunking methods.
```

.. code:: python

  shape = (30_000, 6_000, 150) # 201.17 GiB
  input_chunks = (60, -1, -1) # 411.99 MiB
  output_chunks = (-1, 6, -1) # 205.99 MiB

  arr = da.random.random(size, chunks=input_chunks)
  with dask.config.set({
      "array.rechunk.method": "p2p",

>       "distributed.p2p.disk": "disk",

Reviewer: I think this is supposed to be a bool

```suggestion
      "distributed.p2p.disk": True,
```
